Add link to mstest specific runsettings (#41657)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/testing/unit-testing-mstest-runner-intro.md

### .runsettings

> The MSTest runner supports the [runsettings](unit-testing-platform-extensions-vstest-bridge.md#runsettings-support) through the command-line option `--settings`. The full list of supported MSTest entries is available [here](./unit-testing-mstest-configure.md#runsettings). The following commands show examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MSTest runner supports the [runsettings](unit-testing-platform-extensions-vstest-bridge.md#runsettings-support) through the command-line option `--settings`. For the full list of supported MSTest entries, see [Configure MSTest: Runsettings](./unit-testing-mstest-configure.md#runsettings). The following commands show various usage examples.
```
